# CS210-Program
The project I uploaded is from a prompt that wanted us to create a banking program that shows the user compound-interest calculations based on the user’s interest rates, monthly deposits, and length of investment. For this project, I was particularly proud of how well I did simplifying my main code by using classes and functions. I also really like the way I organize my code and have simple yet informative comments describing the program and how it works throughout. Something that could enhance my code is user input validation. This would help the code run more smoothly and avoid having any errors when the code is running its equations. The pieces of code I found most challenging to write was the class and the functions within the class. I had never coded functions within a class before, so I used my textbook to find some examples and see how the functions are called from the class. There are also a lot of online resources that are super useful, such as coding forums and even websites that help you practice code!

This project helped me to become more comfortable with pseudocoding and moving code around. Before, I would try to make my end solution in my head and would not physically write or code it. As a perfectionist, rough drafts are always hard for me because I want them to be perfect the first time. As you can imagine, when it came to code, a whole new language, this was difficult and frustrating for me. With this project, knowing there were a lot of equations and variables involved, I wrote my code out in the messiest way and all in the main function before having a fully functional program. This really helped me organize, troubleshoot, and fill in gaps in my code. Doing this for future projects will be truly useful.
